doc/source/index.rst, before:

.. Entsoe-py documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Feb 11 18:27:00 2018.
   
Welcome to Entsoe-py's documentation!
======================================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Contents:
   :ref:`entsoe-py`
   :ref:`settings`
   :ref:`tests`
   :ref:`modules`

This is the documentation for the **Entsoe-py** python API wrapper.
It provides access to the API of the `Entso-e Transparancy <https://transparency.entsoe.eu/>`_ 
web service.

For details on the API please check the `API documentation <https://transparency.entsoe.eu/content/static_content/Static%20content/web%20api/Guide.html>`_

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Source
======
The source can be found at

- `Jan Pecinovsky's <https://github.com/JrtPec>`_ EnergieID.be `original project <https://github.com/EnergieID/entsoe-py>`_
- `BF's fork <https://github.com/bfauser/entsoe-py>`_

License
=======
Entsoe-py is MIT licensed

Format rst-files
================

`reStrurctured cheat sheet: <https://thomas-cokelaer.info/tutorials/sphinx/rest_syntax.html>`_

Commit message:

sphinx documentation cleand up (a bit)

doc/source/index.rst, after:

.. Entsoe-py documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Feb 11 18:27:00 2018.
   
Welcome to Entsoe-py's documentation!
======================================

This is the documentation for the **Entsoe-py** python API wrapper.
It provides access to the API of the `Entso-e Transparancy <https://transparency.entsoe.eu/>`_ 
web service. To use this API you need to register and get an API key.

For details on the API please check the `API documentation <https://transparency.entsoe.eu/content/static_content/Static%20content/web%20api/Guide.html>`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents
   
   entsoe <entsoe>
   modules <modules>
   sphinx_setup <sphinx_setup.rst>



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Source
======
The source can be found at

- `Jan Pecinovsky's <https://github.com/JrtPec>`_ EnergieID.be `original project <https://github.com/EnergieID/entsoe-py>`_
- `BF's fork <https://github.com/bfauser/entsoe-py>`_

License
=======
Entsoe-py is MIT Licensed - Copyright (c) 2017 EnergieID cvba-so

Format rst-files
================

`reStrurctured cheat sheet: <https://thomas-cokelaer.info/tutorials/sphinx/rest_syntax.html>`_
